- Previously on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
Stassi's back,
and if she comes back here,
she's gonna have to come
through me first.
All I ever wanted
Stassi to do
was to acknowledge exactly
what I did for her.
- Welcome to Hawaii, guys.
- My mom sent me screenshots
of, like, the whole conversation
that her and Scheana had.
- He's very good
at convincing her
of what he wants.
- I'm sorry.
Does the truth hurt?
- No, no, no.
- If you are worried about me,
talk to me.
Talk to Tom.
Don't talk to my f***ing mom.
- You remember Kevin,
Jax's old friend?
- It's been brought
to our attention
that you have a girlfriend.
- I have an ex-girlfriend.
- The whole sex tape thing
shook my world.
- Scheana was wrong.
I know for a fact
that she showed it to people.
- I've compromised a lot
of my friendships.
- She walked away
from my friendship.
She said f*** you.
- From everything.
- I just want her to stay
as far away from me as possible.
- They're like, "Oh,
you're wasted, you're wasted."
I was like, "No, I'm not."
- I can tell when you drink
a little too much,
'cause you get a look
in your eyes
and you get an attitude.
- I was fine until you
started bringing it up.
- Seriously?
- The bail is $11,000.
- Jax has to ruin it
for all of us
and get arrested.
- Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
- ♪ You know ♪
♪ That it's our time ♪
♪ These are the best days ♪
♪ Of our lives ♪
♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's
for you tonight ♪
- ♪ If I told you I loved you,
now would you believe me ♪
♪ If I told you I trust you
now, would you forgive me ♪
♪ You don't wanna
see me cry ♪
♪ Cry, cry ♪
♪ You don't wanna
see me cry ♪
- I don't have any deodorant.
I don't have anything.
I don't have a toothbrush.
I mean, Tom and Ariana, I guess,
are bringing my bags back.
- Yeah.
- Thank God
my friends were there.
- I know.
- Thank God Tom was there.
Thank Go Scheana was there.
Thank God Katie was there.
- I know.
- I don't know
what you would have done.
- No, I don't know
what I would have done
without them being there.
- Like, I don't even
know what to say.
I don't even know what to--
Over a pair of sunglasses.
- I know.
- It wasn't about,
oh, I have no money,
and I need to--
I need to take some glasses
so I can show my girlfriend
that I care for her.
It wasn't about that.
I don't know--
Probably the most painful thing
I had to see was her face.
Her looking at me
in sheer disappointment.
I'm sorry.
I'm really embarrassed.
- I mean, it was kind of--
- I don't know why I did that.
I really don't.
Like, I--
- I know you are a good man.
It's not about that.
It's just, like, sometimes you
don't make the right choices.
- It's not me that I'm upset
about right now.
It's the other people.
I can--
I can take care of myself.
I can sit in jail,
whatever, whatever.
It's the other people
that I hurt.
You just got here.
Like, this is not
what you signed up for.
- You're just gonna have
to prove yourself to me,
to your mom,
to everybody.
I mean, you just
gotta make sure
that nothing like this
ever happens again.
- I'm sorry.
I think I see
my phone lighting up.
I think Ariana's here.
Yeah, okay.
I'm gonna run down there
and get my bags.
- Okay.
- Pfft.
This is the consequence
of getting arrested in Hawaii.
Your "friend" who doesn't even
really like you all that much
most of the time
has to lug this 80-pound bag
back to your apartment
in Koreatown.
It's really heavy.
- Thank you, thank you.
- We put all your stuff
into one bag.
- I really appreciate
you and Tom.
I know Tom's not here--I think
he's at the gym or something.
- Yeah.
- I ruined
everyone's last day,
because they were
all trying to figure out
how to get me
out of my situation.
- The only thing that was
a pain in the ass about it
was we rented a car
so we could sightsee
on our last day,
'cause we had a late flight.
Saw some sights.
We swam with some sharks.
- Oh, man, I wanted
to do all that.
I'm so sorry.
Tell Tom thank you so much.
Thank you guys again.
- You're welcome.
- I'll see you
on the flip side.
- Bye.
- Jesus, what's in this thing?
Dead bodies?
- Yeah.
- Lots of sunglasses.
- Oh, lord.
Don't even joke about that.
- He stole a $350 pair
of sunglasses.
- No.
- In Hawaii.
- The bail was 11,000.
- 11,000?
What?
- Everyone, hold on
to your belongings.
- He gave them
to his girlfriend,
and his girlfriend was,
like,
posting Instagram
pictures with them.
- What f***ing 36-year-old man
steals sunglasses?
- What the hell
were you thinking?
He's got to be a klepto.
Like, a kleptomaniac.
Like, he's just got to
f***ing steal something
for the rush of it.
- For a minute
I was like,
this guy is, like--
he's a good-looking dude.
After this trip,
I'm like,
"You could not be
any more unattractive to me."
There is nothing hot about
a dude straight out of jail
because he stole
a pair of sunglasses.
Like, pass him to Brittany.
"Handle this."
If he was, like,
some sexy drug dealer,
had a sh** ton of money,
that's hot.
You stealing sunglasses
is lame as f***.
- To be a f***ing dumbass,
I mean, don't go getting
caught, you idiot.
- He's just f*** up
in the head, dude.
- Hello.
- Hey.
How's it going?
- Oh, my God, I just came
from Jax's house.
I didn't really know
what to say.
- It seems like it's his
favorite way to learn.
- The hard way?
- Yeah.
The best-case scenario
is that Jax is gonna wind up
on probation for
a really long time,
and Jax is not good
at being good.
He's in trouble here.
- I can't believe
that I would even
do such a favor
for Jax.
I did, so he better not
act like a dick
ever again to me.
- It's open.
- Oh, hi.
- Hi.
- Hi. You guys look
bronzed and beautiful.
- Well, you know--
- I know.
It got to the point where
I had to stop laying out
because I was so tan.
- Oh, my God,
that's rough.
- You look a little...
Rusty.
- Stressed.
- It's been, what, a year
since you've waited tables?
You must have forgotten
how to carry a few plates.
- I forgot everything.
Okay, so I have, like,
a billion f'ing questions.
What the hell happened
with Jax?
- It's one thing to "borrow"
of couple bottles
of Vanderpump Vodka.
It's another to steal designer
sunglasses from a store.
- I literally woke up
to a text
from my girlfriend
Cristina.
Like, "I heard this and that
on social media.
Jax got arrested."
I'm like, "What?"
I'm like, "What are you
talking about right now?"
- Yeah, class C felony.
- Class C felony.
- He is so f***ed.
Jax doesn't think.
He doesn't think.
One thing we know about Jax
is that Jax has
zero impulse control.
I just never thought he'd, like,
take it to this level.
Like, he ruined
his own birthday.
- Mm-hmm.
So how has it been
hanging with Kevin?
Did he move in
all of his stuff?
- Kevin's decided
to stay in town.
- Uh-huh.
- Until I don't know when.
Before Jax went to Hawaii,
Jax introduced me
to this friend, Kevin.
We hit it off.
It's like a little single
summer fling.
- Probably making Stassi
feel weird now.
- This is why I watch porn.
- Few nights' stand.
Until he started squatting
in my apartment.
So he's been
kicking it here,
and I get a text, like,
this is the best week
of his life.
That he was
in love with me.
What?
- Yeah, I don't know how
to tell him to leave.
I don't know how
to tell him to slow down.
I don't know, I gotta have
the talk, I guess.
I know I'm f***ing awesome.
I know that I'm
a great catch,
but, Kevin, back off.
Anyways, what happened
with you and Ariana and Shay--
- Yeah, I'll fill you
in briefly,
'cause I just feel weird
talking about them with you.
So it's just this whole big
thing that it didn't need to be.
- Ariana told me
that her mom hit you up.
- His cocky attitude rubs off,
and you guys have this "we're
better than everyone" attitude.
- Are you kidding me?
Like, what kind of friend
have I been to you
in the past, like,
couple years?
- I'm not sorry
that I sent those texts.
I'm not sorry
for what I said.
The only thing
I am sorry for
is that it hurt
Sandoval's feelings.
I ended up just having
to apologize for everything,
even things I didn't want
to apologize for,
because it was a battle
I was never gonna win.
- If she's your best friend,
why the f*** would she get mad
that you talked to her mother?
- It was Tom who got mad.
- Right.
So then, what, she gets mad
because Tom's mad,
because she can't have
her own f***ing opinion?
- It's weird, it feels like
the roles between Kristen
and Ariana have reversed.
Ariana used to be
the cool, fun chick.
Kristen was
the spiteful, angry one.
And now the roles
have switched.
- Stassi actually came over.
First time she's ever
been to my house.
We talked a lot about you.
I know she wants
to talk to you.
- No.
- She misses you
and Schwartz.
- Of course she does.
She's an amazing f***ing friend.
She should miss her.
- I, like, moved on
with my life,
and I'm happier.
I have friends
that actually appreciate
and value my friendship,
and she doesn't
deserve any of that.
- We, me, Jax and others
don't want her around.
So she will not
be welcomed at all.
She doesn't deserve it.
- I feel like she's gonna
try to come around.
- If I were you,
I'd stay away.
- People get drunk all the time,
and they don't steal things.
Don't try to pull the wool
over my eyes.
♪ I can't let you go ♪
♪ I'm addicted
to the bad boys ♪
- Hi, welcome to Hooters.
- I'm not a big
believer in fate,
but you ending up with
a girl that works at Hooters
is starting to make me
rethink things.
- Uh-oh.
- Hey!
- There she is.
- Hi, guys.
- How you doing?
- Good. How are you?
- That's my baby.
I'm not just your average
Hooters customer.
I'm a VIP patron.
50% off.
- Well, thanks for coming
on my first day.
- Of course I'm here
to support you.
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh, God!
- The way Brittany has been
handling this is great.
Standing by my side and
dealing with all this mess.
- You said, "I promise,
I'm gonna f*** you."
- No, I never said that.
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
- I never said that.
I'm sure if this happened
when I was dating Stassi,
I'd want to go back to jail,
throw away the key.
- What do you all
want to drink?
- I'm not even
thinking about drinking.
Actually,
Peter just called me,
and I have to go meet
with Lisa later.
- She's not gonna be happy,
'cause this reflects poorly
on her brand.
- We were in Hawaii
having fun.
- I know,
but it's a felony, dude.
- It's intimidating
going into Villa Rosa.
She's gonna
let you have it.
- It literally is
like Castle Grayskull.
Remember He-Man?
Remember, like, Skeletor?
- Brittany, we're about to
splurge, 'cause it's on him.
- Okay.
- We bailed his ass
out of jail, so, uh...
- Dude,
ten Triple Dog Dare.
- Oh, yeah.
- Honey barbecue?
- There's not honey barbecue.
Honey chipotle's good.
- Let's do chipotle honey, Tom.
- Okay.
- Brittany, can I get
a buffalo chicken sandwich?
No ranch.
- All right, well, let me get
your drinks and stuff, okay?
- All right.
Great job, baby.
I'm proud of you.
- Well, thank you!
- Okay.
I'm sorry,
the last time I was here,
I don't remember the girls
being this attractive.
- So you spent--
- I have to take this.
I'll be right back.
Hello?
You've got a warrant
for what?
No, no, I'm in California.
Yeah, but my lawyers
are taking care of it.
- I know, man.
- I just feel drained.
We dedicated the remainder
of our trip to that,
getting his ass
out of jail.
Any good news?
- Oh, just, you know,
lawyer talk.
- Oh, he's a lawyer--it wasn't
your probation officer?
- I don't have one of those.
- You're gonna have one.
- You do realize
it's a pair of sunglasses.
It's not a car.
I didn't rob a bank.
- It can be hard
for Jax to admit
of ashamed he is.
I think he'd rather just be
the mayor of Hooterville
than to own up to that.
- All right,
I have the wings.
- Oh, whoa.
- We're gonna have to make room.
- Thank you so much.
- What's that one?
- Breaded hot.
That's what Jax wanted.
- Thank you.
- You know my friend Kevin?
- Your friend Kevin that was,
like, banging Kristen?
- He won't leave.
He's been here all the time.
He hasn't gone home yet.
He's still here.
- Puuhh.
Come in!
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hey, what's up, Stassi?
- Wine, mimosas, tequila,
or D, all of the above?
- I'm on antibiotics,
so wine.
- Are you guys really sure
that wine has to deal
with antibiotics?
- I just feel like
it's the most organic-y thing.
Like, it's made from grapes.
- Especially
after a breakup.
- Especially after a breakup.
Patrick and I have been
so up and down,
and we've broken up
a million times.
- Come on over.
- I don't want to get
in between you two lovebirds.
I've dated so many ass****s,
and I finally have
a good guy,
and I can't make it work.
Maybe that means
I'm the ass****.
When I'm in
a relationship,
like that person
is my everything.
I will give up anything
for love.
- But there's nothing wrong
with that though.
That's a good--
There is.
- There is though.
- 'Cause when you lose
yourself to someone--
- And I lost myself and I--
- That's the worst thing you--
- I kinda know how that feels.
- Homey, you've been here
for a week.
Are you serious?
There's no way
you're losing yourself yet.
Give yourself
a good month.
- All right.
- Okay?
I understand this Kevin fellow
is Jax's friend,
but he might also be
his doppelganger,
like moving right in after,
like, a week and a half.
What is wrong
with these people?
- This whole stealing
sunglasses bullsh**.
- You know Jax.
He steals.
My dad called me yesterday
and he's like,
"When you brought Jax to
New Orleans for Christmas--"
My dad's girlfriend
had all of these expensive,
like, Asian provocateur
stockings,
and those were all missing.
So he had to have
given them--
- Did he ever give
any of these to you?
- No, he had to have
given them to the girls
he was cheating on me with,
'cause I didn't get 'em.
Everybody knows
that he steals.
I'm ready to get rid of this.
- Memories.
- He literally stole this
for me, like,
the first week
we were dating.
Like, how romantic.
This was stolen,
but I grew attached to it
before I realized
that it was stolen.
So, like,
I feel like it's mine.
I didn't steal it.
It's just such a classic.
- You know, I'm not gonna throw
my friend under the bus,
but Brittany doesn't lie,
and Kevin told Brittany
that he kinda lives
with his girlfriend.
You wanna have a girlfriend,
two girlfriends,
three girlfriends,
and hook up with
a girlfriend on the side, cool.
Dude, go for it.
That's your business.
'Cause God knows
I've done my fair share
of those kind of things.
And the thing is,
I think she knew.
I think she's just trying
to look good in front of Stassi.
- There is no
"I think she knew."
She knew.
She full-blown f***ing knew.
Kevin was talking about
his girlfriend
in front of you,
in front of Kristen.
- Jax, you know that
he had a girlfriend.
He told us in Huntington.
You were right there with me.
And I remember
Kristen being like,
"You have a girlfriend?"
- Then later that night,
Kristen hooked up with him.
- She's used to that.
Don't say she's used to that.
- She is.
- Dude, when me and Kristen
started hooking up,
she had a boyfriend
the entire time.
This is after, like, probably
the fourth time we had had sex.
She's like, "I have a
boyfriend," and then kissed me.
- It's kind of complicated.
- Jesus,
that's an understatement.
Sometimes I wonder,
are Jax and Kristen soul mates?
Are they?
- He knew the secret, dude.
All you have to do
is give Kristen a compliment,
then those panties drop
immediately.
- You know that place
we had brunch the other day?
- Yeah.
- Do you wanna go get us
some lunch?
- I can do that.
You know what I'll do?
I'll text you the menu
when I get there
so you guys can
tell me what you want.
- Perfect.
- Yeah, that's what's up.
- And then I'll bring it back.
- Perfect.
- All right.
- Thank you so much.
- No problem.
- I liked him until he became
a state five clinger.
- I'm sorry,
he just sat here and I'm like,
"You know, I just, like,
lost myself in love,"
and he's like, "I know."
Please don't compare
your week-long romance
to my two-year relationship.
- You feeling okay?
- I was sobbing
all of yesterday.
I don't know,
in, like, a different time
if I had my sh** together,
you know what I mean,
it would make this
so much easier,
but, like, I don't have
my own place right now.
My life's just kind of,
like, up in the air,
and I'm, like,
I'm kind of over it.
- I'm actually gonna
snag Kev's spare key
off his little
rental car key chain
so you can have it
tonight.
- Oh, am I moving in?
- Obviously you can stay here.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Did Kristen just offer
to let me stay here?
- Yes, I did have sex
with him one time.
- You had sex with Jax?
- Yes.
- I hate her,
I hate her, I hate her.
I want to wrap
a dildo in acid
and give it to Kristen
as a present.
And am I actually
thinking about it?
Okay.
- You and I are gonna
snuggle in my bed.
- I'm really good
at cuddling.
- And Kev can have
a little blanket
and throw pillows
and sleep out here.
- Mm-hmm.
- Sorry, bro.
- Hos before bros.
It's just standard.
- So that's gonna happen.
- I don't know
if this says more
about where I'm at
with Kristen
or where I'm at in my life.
- ♪ Get the group
back together again ♪
- Hello.
- Hi. I'm here to see Lisa.
- Have a seat, please.
- All right, thanks.
- Okay.
- You know, generally Lisa
and I have this relationship
where she usually loves
when I screw up.
She thinks it's humorous.
- Where is he?
I wanna f***ing kill him.
- Coming up...
Make me understand
why I can justify
keeping you
in our employment.
- Where is he?
I wanna f***ing kill him.
- Hi.
- Jax.
I'd offer you a drink,
but I don't think
you deserve one.
Go on then.
Tell me.
- Well, I'm sure
you've heard by now.
- I've heard everything.
- I was...drunk.
- That sounds like
absolute bullsh** to me,
and I'll tell you why--
- I blew over the legal limit.
I couldn't even--
- Now you're telling me
you're drunk.
You're either a liar, you're
a drunk, or you're a thief.
What is it, Jax?
Don't try and pull the wool
over my eyes.
This is the time for you
to admit what you've done,
put your hands up--
- I know what I did was wrong.
I know that.
- How many times have you
stolen from people?
- Do you wanna glass of wine?
- Did you take this,
or was this a gift?
- Lisa may or may not know
that I have this bottle.
All this silverware is--
is from Sur.
- I take it
they're not gifts.
- Jason had
a little girlfriend,
and he stole
his sister's cross.
- You know he still does that?
- No, I don't!
How many times?
- Yes.
How many times, Jax?
- This is the--
- You always think that
you can take what's not yours.
This is just your story
going through life.
You feel you can sleep
with somebody
even if it's your
best friend's girlfriend.
You feel that you
can walk into a shop
and you can take something
without paying for it.
I mean, do you feel that you
can just take something from me,
and why am I any different?
I'm not.
It's not about what he took.
It's about
the principle of it,
and I as a business owner
am very sensitive to that.
How do I trust you?
- I--
- I don't trust you.
How can I trust you with money
that you're handling every day?
- I screwed up,
and I screwed up big time.
- Sure did.
- I'm not a bad person.
- If it walks like a duck,
it talks like a duck...
- This is--
you have to understand,
I'm--
it's utterly embarrassing.
I'd almost rather
just be stuck back in jail
than go through all this.
- You have to make me
understand why I can justify
keeping you in our employment.
- I know I haven't been
the best employee in the world,
but...it's more
than just a job.
You know,
it's kind of like my home,
and I don't have a lot
in this town.
So just I hope--
I guess I just pray,
because I don't really
have another choice--
you'll let me try
to earn your trust back.
- I don't know how
we go forward from this place,
and I'm very honest with you.
I don't care
whether you need the money.
I am definitely suspending you
for a couple of weeks.
- I'm 36 years old.
To make a mistake like this,
there's just no word for it.
I just have to remember
when I do things
that it doesn't just affect me,
it affects other people.
- Just go now.
I'd think very carefully
about your future.
That's what I would do.
- ♪ Oh, hold on ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
♪ Oh, hold on ♪
♪ With stars in our eyes ♪
♪ So let's paint the sky ♪
- Tom, I've started
doing the paint.
I have two of them
in here.
- I have four more.
Ooh, careful,
careful, careful.
- I'm--oh.
- Yeah.
Oh, sh**.
- Give me something
to put this--
Tom's apartment previously
was a combination
of fratty guy stuff
mixed with, like,
whatever ex-girlfriend of his
had thrown in there.
- Yeah, screw this.
We can still use it.
What's harder, painting the wall
or putting down the paper?
I mean, the guy lived
in the apartment for ten years
and still has vertical blinds.
Bleh, gross.
- It's Scheana and Shay's
one-year anniversary, isn't it?
- Yeah.
- Just sucks
because as much as--
I just want to be
happy for them today,
but, like, I need a breather
from her.
- Mm-hmm.
Scheana and I
are tapping into
a deeper issue
with our friendship.
I believe that Scheana
has some resentment
and a little jealousy
of Tom and I's relationship.
Dude, I would like to
not be around any of them
for, like, a hot sec.
- Yeah.
- That'd be nice.
She really has those feelings
of resentment
because I spend more time
with Tom.
I think there's just gonna be
a little less of Scheana and I.
- I think I have a nice name
for my art piece.
- What is it?
- I call it
Overcoming the Obstacle.
- I wonder why it's called
The Alley.
- Hey, Kristen.
- Hi.
- Can I get you guys
something to drink?
- Yes.
- You guys want a shot?
Do we need a shot?
- Yeah.
- Can you make a good
Moscow Mule?
- Ooh, I want
one of those too, please.
- I'll have one too.
- All right. Cool, guys.
- I'm not driving.
If you're suspended
for two weeks,
you're on vacation.
f*** it, we're gonna go
and have some fun.
Let's do a shot.
- Thank you.
- Let's congratulate me
getting suspended from Sur.
- Cheers, whoo!
- Wait, what?
- So by the way, you're
gonna be picking up the tab,
'cause I'm broke.
- Wait, what the f***?
Hold on.
- I got suspended from work
for two weeks,
which is better
than being fired,
but in hindsight...
- I'm working. Yeah.
- She has a job, so...
- That's not hindsight.
- It's not?
Is Kevin coming here?
- Blessing in disguise.
Maybe he just won't come.
- Okay, Kristen,
you were loving him.
- Liking.
- Okay, but you guys were
having a good time.
- Thought he was hot.
Made out, had a blast,
hooked up.
Everything was awesome.
- Okay, when you say
"hooked up," you had sex?
- Yes, we had sex.
- Okay, he has a girlfriend.
So I'm not gonna--
- He has a girlfriend now?
- Don't get mad
at what I'm gonna say.
This is what I think.
Don't get mad about this.
We thought you knew.
- Then he f***ing lied to me.
I would have never in
a million motherf***ing years
even considered kissing him
if I knew that he was
doing that to someone.
Don't look at me like that.
- When Kristen loves
a relationship,
she will stick with some guy
years beyond
its expiration date.
I've never seen Kristen
get sick of a guy.
- Dun-dun-dun!
- Hey.
- Kristen tried to play
the whole "I didn't know,"
because she didn't want
to upset Stassi,
and she didn't want
Stassi to think
that she was still
a "homewrecker."
- Hi!
- Hey.
- Can I ask you a question?
Do you have a girlfriend?
- No, no!
- Did you, though,
in the beginning?
- But you did know--
- Yes, he--
Saturday he cheated
on his f***ing girlfriend.
- I already told you--
- Sunday--
- I already told you
that we were--
I--we still had
our places.
We were rekindling things.
- Did she think you were
her boyfriend, Kevin?
- It wasn't official,
but, yes, we've been
hanging out a lot, yes.
- You are worse
than Jax has ever been,
and it is really unfair...
- Why am I such a douche?
- For you
to treat her like that
and to bring me into it.
- All I can say
is I'm sorry and--
- I won't lose sleep over it.
I could care f***ing less,
honestly.
- I never said you were.
That's fine, I don't think--
- Literally, like, we banged,
we made out a few times.
I thought you were cool.
I was wrong.
Bad judgment.
Lesson learned.
Go away.
- I just want to say that
I am sorry for everything,
and I don't--you don't ever
have to forgive me.
I understand it
if you won't.
- Here, I'll walk you out.
- So...
- I'll walk you out.
- I'm--last time,
I'm sorry.
- So say good-bye to Kevin.
- Bye.
- Is it too much
to ask for
to find an awesome guy,
an awesome job.
who's, like, sweet
and genuine and charming?
I'm 5'9"
and f***ing beautiful.
I can't believe this sh**.
Bye, bitch, bye.
- I need to get the back shot.
No, no, back up like you're--
Like--like right there.
- Does my butt look good?
Grab it.
♪ Taking a leap of faith ♪
- Up.
- No.
It's, like, 11:00.
I just saw that apartment.
It's so nice.
Like, it looks like a hotel.
But it was
the size of this room,
and literally, like,
where do I put my shoes?
- I need coffee.
- I'm, like, cursed
when it comes to apartments.
When Jax and I
were living together,
he did some damage
and my name was on the lease.
So that affected my credit.
Every time I feel like
I'm hitting rock bottom,
like, something else
just happens.
It's like, no,
sh** can always get worse.
And I'm staying with someone
who f***ed my ex-boyfriend.
Twice.
So where does one
go from here?
- I was meeting
Jax and Brittany for drinks.
- Wait, was Kevin there?
- Oh, yeah.
- How did that
conversation go?
- Told him that he was
a douche and a liar
and that he can crawl back
to his ex-girlfriend,
and I hope she doesn't
take him back.
I'm almost, like, glad
that he ended up
being such a bad person,
'cause it was so much easier
to kick him out of my apartment.
This is a total
squatter trade-up.
Out with Kevin
and in with Stassi.
- So Saturday,
I am going to go see Lisa.
- That's gonna suck.
- It is so gonna suck!
- Katie is, like, nothing
in comparison to how,
like--
- Yeah, honestly, it's just
I've been so, like, fed up
with this whole
sex tape thing.
A year and a half ago,
the day that I moved
to New York
to be with Patrick,
I'm just told
my ex-boyfriend, not Jax,
is trying to sell
a tape of me
doing the M word.
- What a dick.
- I technically
got laid last night.
I masturbated via FaceTime.
I've never done that before.
You can do it.
I'd never done it before, and
then finally I was just like,
okay, I'm just gonna
muster the strength,
and we're like--
I'm just gonna do it.
- Really?
- But not your face,
just your vajay?
- No, 'cause he wanted
to see my face.
- Yeah, of course.
- Lisa was talking to him,
and Lisa's like,
"He came in and said
he wants $900 for it."
I'm like, "I'm not
giving him $900."
And then Lisa calls me
and she's like,
"I took care of it."
And I'm like, "What?"
She's like,
"We paid him $900 cash."
And I'm like,
"So you gave him cash,
so there's no record of it."
- Oh, my God.
- And you didn't make him
sign anything.
I just feel like I need
to go and talk to her,
and I just want to be like,
"Listen, thank you."
- You don't want
to owe her anything.
- "Thank you for the 9--Thank
you for doing that for me."
- Yeah.
- Bottom line, if I'm trying to
make things right with people,
Lisa's the first stop
on that tour,
and I gotta kiss that ring.
I will never win, and it
only makes my life harder...
- Yep.
- To be fighting with her.
- I'm looking at event spaces
for an engagement party.
We could have a party
on a boat.
That would be really cool.
- I would love that.
- I like unique sh**
like this.
- It's an idea.
- Once we go to
wedding locations...
- Bubby, let's not get
ahead of ourselves now.
You're giving me anxiety
over here.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Bitch, you better
have my money.
- Did you bring
your checkbook?
- Um, I actually did.
- Come on, dude.
- What? No.
- Just Venmo me.
- You gotta get Venmo.
- No, I don't do
anything like that.
- Do you do Uber though?
- No, because people can
get your account numbers.
- Yeah, but, Jax, you leave your
debit card everywhere you go.
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
- That's true, that's true.
- And your phone unlocked
with your dick pics.
- I noticed that Jax
never said thank you
about me bailing him
out of jail.
- All right,
I'm sending the money over.
- But if I had to choose between
a thank you and the money,
I'm gonna choose the money.
- Welcome to the future, Daddy.
- Welcome to the future, man.
- Did you guys have
a good time in Hawaii,
other than my little fiasco?
- Forget about it.
- Yeah, no, it was amazing.
- It was the best sh** ever.
- Did you have a good time?
- No--okay--
- We had every intention--
- Did you "consummate"?
- There was 14 people with us.
Every time we turned around,
there was a knock on the door.
He was downstairs
or I was downstairs
or upst--like,
we were all over the place.
- It's day 17, and my penis
has remained flaccid.
We got to spice it up.
It's kinda starting to be
a big deal, you know?
People are asking me, and it's
sort of turning into this thing.
- You wanna know what
popped on my phone yesterday?
Another text message
from Stassi Schroeder.
- Did you respond?
- I didn't respond.
No, she wrote me off,
and was just, like,
"Hey, let's talk."
- I'm not saying
it's the reason,
but ever since Stassi's
been out of Katie's life,
I think I've liked Katie
a lot more.
- Kristen and I
are finally just, like,
getting back
to being friends
and it not being, like,
weird or strained
or awkward or
there's no tension,
and this is not going
to help our friendship, so...
- Dude, it came through.
- Wow, it worked?
- Wait, hold on a sec.
- This could be dangerous,
'cause now no one can be like,
"Yo, you owe me money."
- I hope you learned
a lesson, man.
- I know.
Well, since I have no money,
and I have nowhere to be,
no job.
I'm gonna go hang out
at Brittany's work.
I might have
to steal some beers
because I can't afford
anything else.
- You bring your own beers
into Hooters.
- He's gonna dine and ditch
his own girlfriend.
- Dine and ditch
- Oh, my God, don't say that.
- That sh**'s hilarious.
- Stick her with the bill.
All right,
we'll talk to you soon.
- All right, bye.
- All right, man.
- Oh, he's so cute.
- I'm gonna take this off.
He's hot.
- I'm gonna go ahead
and take this off.
- Ooh.
- Just kidding.
So not gonna happen.
- That was so not you.
- I know.
- I liked it.
Are you really
gonna take it off?
Bubby?
- ♪ No matter what ♪
♪ We've gotta
keep moving on ♪
- Welcome to Ocean Prime.
- Thank you.
- Have you dined
with us before?
- No.
- No, first time.
- Okay.
- It's our anniversary.
- Oh, happy anniversary.
- Thank you.
- Very nice. All right, let's
go ahead and get you seated.
- A couple months ago,
I didn't know if we were
gonna make it to a year mark.
I have been so miserable
and lonely this past week.
Like, thank God I have
the most amazing friends.
- I've been so miserable
and lonely for two years.
- Why did you marry me?
Why?
- Come on, Scheana.
- Do you regret marrying me?
I thought Shay and I had
the strongest marriage ever.
Then I found out
we needed to get stronger,
and I think
we're on that path.
I think I'm gonna
just try one of each
of the Prime cocktails.
- Yeah, I'm down.
- Berries & Bubbles
maybe first.
But it's like then I want
a cucumber gimlet.
Then I want a Prime Margarita.
- That's what I want to get.
Yeah, that sounds good.
- Then I want a Black Orchid.
- Damn, they got
everything here.
- On nights like this,
let's f***ing go all-out.
It's me and you, baby,
you know?
I feel contradicting sometimes
when I'm telling Shay,
you know, "Don't drink so much,"
and then I'm like,
"Drink some more, honey."
- Oh, wow.
- Pardon my interruption.
How are you doing tonight?
- Good. How are you?
- This is a special occasion.
It's our one-year anniversary,
so it's probably time
to celebrate with a cocktail.
Or ten.
- Do we want our cocktails
sooner than later?
- Yeah.
- I can make that happen.
- Thank you.
- Well, should we--
wanna toast?
This year has been
a roller coaster
for both of us,
especially me.
But, uh, I know I made
the best decision
of my entire life
marrying you.
I love you.
- I love you.
- It's still frustrating
having her count my drinks
or tell me when I can
this and that,
but at the same time
I married a hot, awesome person.
It's--it's not worth it
to fight over.
- You're not an alcoholic,
and I don't ever want you to
think I think of you that way.
You're not hiding bottles
in your backpack.
You're not waking up
at 6:00 a.m.
and taking a shot of tequila
and coming back to bed, like--
- Yeah.
- It's never been the drinking
that's so bad
that it's like, "Oh, my God,
you need to go to rehab.
You're an alcoholic."
- Drink your champagne.
- The key for Shay
is not to stay at home,
be a shut-in sober person
who never has any fun.
It's just he needs to find
that happy medium.
Don't get sh**-faced.
Don't be a bore.
Let's do the gimlet one next.
- Do you wanna do, like,
the Prime Margarita?
- Yeah.
- One of each, yeah.
- Coming up...
- Hi, Lisa.
- There he is.
- How are you, mate?
- What's going on?
- Good to see you guys.
Good to see you guys.
- What's up?
- What's up, man? Long time.
- It's good to see you.
- Yeah, nice to see you.
- Obviously, I don't know
how much you know
about what we're doing here.
- Fill me in.
- So my brother and I
started a company.
It's called Related Garments.
Most guys don't match their
socks and their underwear.
- Well, they should.
- They should, exactly.
- It's a turn-on.
- You just feel fresh as f***.
You know, I've done
a lot of modeling in my life,
so I know obviously
how to do it.
Let me see your butt.
Gorgeous, doll.
Big handful.
I'm gonna say yes to pretty
much every opportunity I get
to grab Lala's ass.
- Yeah, like that.
Okay, you may need
to get the back shot.
No, no, back up like you're--
Like--like right there.
Perfect.
Your other leg out
right there.
Perfect, like that.
- Modeling keeps me
really busy.
I do a lot of lingerie,
a lot of swimwear.
Does my butt look good?
Grab it.
Clothing, not so much,
just because of my body type,
unless it's Spandex.
I'm really good
at modeling Spandex.
- That's a wrap.
Thank you so much.
- Good, I think we gotta
do one more, guys.
I think we gotta do
a couple more.
- Get him,
get him right here.
Get him, get him,
get him, get him.
- I think that if you look
at just our chemistry,
I feel like we have a connection
that's just, like...
undeniable.
I've been having
so much fun with you,
and you know that I love you
just as a mate,
and, you know, but I like
making out with you too.
So I just feel like
we're just, like--what are we?
We're just friends
that we're just making out.
- We're friends that make out,
yeah.
And you can have anybody
touch your peep.
You can never get mad
if anything happens,
because I've laid it out.
I need a little bit
of attention,
and if James can provide that
and be okay with the
guidelines that I've laid down,
I think we're gonna be okay.
No sleeping together.
- All right, fine.
- Yeah?
- I mean, never, ever?
- Well, I mean, I don't
intend to sleep with you.
- Okay, yeah, I don't intend
to sleep with you either, fine.
From the start of
Lala and I's relationship,
it's been all about rules
and regulations.
If we're, like, drunk one night,
it could happen.
I'm just gonna keep, like,
breaking the rules
and just hope I get into
her pants at some point.
Thank you for clarifying.
- You're welcome.
- How many reservations
do we have tonight?
142?
- Yeah.
- Have you got
the tip book here?
I just want to have
a quick look
at who's doing what.
Who's doing really well?
- Well, Scheana and Katie
are doing pretty good.
- My strategy is to
go into the restaurant
before it opens
when I know Lisa's there...
It's about time.
I'm nervous right now.
And have an impromptu
conversation
because I don't
want her planning
tons of stuff to say to me.
Why didn't I have a bottle
of wine before I did this?
- I wouldn't order wine
with her though.
- What if she
offers it to me?
- Ask for a tea.
No.
- What? Why?
It just, like,
kinda shows you,
like, you've grown
as a person.
- But I haven't grown
in that way.
- In front of her,
you have.
- Is it just Lisa in there
or is there anybody else there?
- Just Lisa.
You're gonna be fine.
Deep breaths.
- And I feel like green is,
like, an apologetic color, so...
- Good luck.
- All right, thank you.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
Hi, Lisa.
I know I'm the last person
that you want to see, and--
- This old woman's kind of busy,
if you know what I mean.
I think that was the last thing
you called me publicly, Stassi.
I don't really have
any interest
in anything you have to say,
to be honest.
I'd heard a lot
of negative things
that Stassi Schroeder
had said about me.
She called me an old woman
and my staff
a bunch of drug addicts.
- I understand that,
but I'd like the opportunity--
- Oh, sit down.
What do you want?
Say what you want about me.
I don't care anymore.
But don't dis my staff
and my restaurant
and my business.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Where do you want
to start?
- Well, I was just
completely disrespectful
on, mm, many occasions
a lot of the time.
- I'm glad you can
laugh about it.
Now, it doesn't really
mean anything to me,
but at the time,
it did hurt
for you to be sitting there
bad-mouthing me,
bad-mouthing the restaurant.
You had a boss
and you had a good friend,
and you f***ed it up,
you really did.
When you were 22, you didn't
have a bloody pot to piss in,
you know?
And you came in here,
and I really
had your back.
I wish I hadn't,
to be honest.
- She gave me a job
as a waitress.
Like, I've served
a few hundred crispy chickens
in my time,
poured some wine.
What do I owe you again?
- And you were calling me
an old woman.
Yeah, you're right, I'm halfway
through my life, Stassi.
And you know what?
I'm proud of my life.
- I'm very, very sorry.
- They're hollow words.
- I want to say thank you
for everything with the sex--
I hate saying this word--
sex tape.
- I was the one that met
with the sleazy guy
that I told you was sleazy
all the way along,
and that's
why I fired him.
And you were
in love with him.
I went there
and I gave him cash
to save your ass,
and then you were
dismissive of me.
The way you treated me.
- All I can do is--
is try and apologize,
and it--
and I'm--I'm doing my best,
and you don't have
to accept it,
but I wanted
to pay you back,
and so I brought--
I brought money to give you.
- I don't want the money.
- I need you to take it.
- This is really hard.
I'm really doing
my best right now.
- Good, I'm glad it's hard.
- I'm doing my best.
I really am trying
to do my best right now.
I'm sorry
that I've hurt everyone.
- I don't want your money.
It's an insult.
- You know what, I was just
coming to apologize, so...
- Oh, you can stay there.
We've got more to talk about.
- What more to--
You hate me, Lisa.
You hate me.
- You know what, you're not
important enough to hate.
Sit down.
- That is so mean.
- You're not important enough
in my life for me to have--
- But you're
making it very clear
that you don't want
to see me right now.
So, like, why--
- I want to know
what you want.
I promised myself
I wasn't gonna cry,
but, like, Jesus.
Lisa is really digging in
and is making me feel bad
about pretty much every decision
I've ever made in my life.
It really is really hard
to swallow my pride right now.
It is really
f***ing difficult.
- I'm sure you're sorry,
because it suits you now
to be sorry.
- I just want to make
things right with people
that I actually
do care about.
- And that's why you're here?
Stassi knows that if she
wants to get back
with this group,
she has to come
and confront me.
It makes me wonder how sincere
this apology is.
You've got to repair
your own fences
and build your own bridges
again.
I don't know
that all your friends
will welcome you back
with open arms.
- Because they were hurt.
- Because, like, they've
all forgiven each other
for doing really sh***y things,
I--I felt like why can't
Katie forgive me?
- Because they're
young and stupid.
How did you feel
when she was engaged?
- It was--
- You know who
Schwartzie came to
to ask about the ring?
He came to me.
He should have
gone to you.
- You gave up
a lot of great friends.
- They're not people that
I want to hang out with.
- Katie was your
best friend for years.
- You're just gonna hear
whoever's willing to do
what you want,
and it's not okay.
That is what you do.
- I don't know
how they'll react.
You've been really stupid.
- I'm just gonna prove it
to everyone,
so that's all I can do.
- Go on then.
Off you go.
- Thank you.
- This old woman
has to do some work.
- ♪ This is not the end ♪
♪ This is not the end ♪
- Next time on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- I'm having a launch party
for my beauty blog.
Unfortunately, I can't
extend the invitation.
- So you're telling me I can't
go to your event, Katie?
- The purpose of this launch
party is to gain exposure.
- Oh, Jesus Christ.
- You're disgusting.
You treat me like sh**.
I don't even think of you.
- Shut up.
I'm a f***ing man.
- It's just another reminder
that I'm missing out
on milestones.
- Stassi came by.
- I'm just like,
I'm sorry.
This is your bed,
now you can lie in it.
- When you severed ties
with Katie,
it was so cold
and so rigid.
You were a f***ing bitch.
- To see more
of "Vanderpump Rules,"
go to bravotv.com